1: Yo mama so poor, when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, she said “Moving.”
2: Yo mama so poor, she can’t afford to pay attention!
3: Yo mama so poor, when I ring the doorbell she says,”DING!”
4: Yo mama so poor, your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
5: Yo mama so poor, she was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags. I said, “What ya doin ?” She said, “Buying luggage.”
6: Yo mama so poor, she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning.
7: Yo mama so tall, she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
8: Yo mama so tall, she tripped in Michigan and hit her head in Florida.
9: Yo mama so bald, even a wig wouldn’t help!
10: Yo mama so bald, you can see whats on her mind
11: Yo mama so bald, that she took a shower and got brain-washed.
12: Yo mama so hairy, Bigfoot is taking her picture!
13: Yo mama so hairy, she wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan.
17: Yo mama so short, she poses for trophies!
19: Yo mama so short, she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime.
20: Yo mama so short, she can play handball on the curb.
21: Yo mama so short, she does backflips under the bed.
22: Yo mama so ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said “Sorry, no professionals.”
23: Yo mama so ugly, just after she was born, her mother said “What a treasure!” and her father said “Yes, let’s go bury it.”
24: Yo mama so ugly, they didn’t give her a costume when she tried out for Star Wars.
25: Yo mama so ugly, instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle, they put it around her neck
26: Yo mama so ugly, she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween.
27: Yo mama so ugly, when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras
28: Yo mama so ugly, her mom had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dogs to play with her.
29: Yo mama so ugly, when she walks down the street in September, people say “Wow, is it Halloween already?”
30: Yo mama so ugly, when she walks down the street in September, people say “Wow, is it Halloween already?”
31: Yo mama so ugly, she made an onion cry.
32: Yo mama so ugly, when they took her to the beautician it took 12 hours. . .for a quote!
33: Yo mama so ugly, she tried to take a bath the water jumped out!
34: Yo mama so ugly, even Rice Krispies won’t talk to her!
35: Yo mama so ugly, for Halloween she trick or treats on the phone!
36: Yo mama so ugly, she turned Medusa to stone!
37: Yo mama so ugly, The NHL banned her for life
38: Yo mama so ugly, that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn’t have to kiss her goodbye.
39: Yo mama so old, I told her to act her own age, and she died.
40: Yo mama so old, her social security number is 1!
41: Yo mama so old, that when she was in school there was no history class.
42: Yo mama so old, she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
43: Yo mama so old, her birth certificate says expired on it.
44: Yo mama so old, she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
45: Yo mama so old, she ran track with dinosaurs.
46: Yo mama so old, her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.
47: Yo mama so big-headed, she has to step into her shirts.
48: Yo mama so big-headed, it shows up on radar.
49: Yo mama so yellow-teethed, traffic slows down when she smiles!
54: Yo mama so big-nosed, she makes Pinochio look like a cat!
55: Yo mama so big-nosed, that her neck broke from the weight
56: Yo mama so short-haired, when she braided it they looked like stiches.
57: Yo mama so big-footed, her shoes have to have license plates!
58: Yo mama so clumsy she got tangled up in a cordless phone.
59: Yo mama so cross-eyed, she watches TV in stereo.
62: Yo mama so rouchy, the McDonalds she works in doesn’t even serve Happy Meals.
63: Yo mama so big-mouthed, she speaks in surround sound.
64: Yo mama so skinny, she hula hoops with a cheerio
65: Yo mama so skinny, she turned sideways and dissapeared.
66: Yo mama so lazy, she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs.
67: Yo mama so lazy, she’s got a remote control just to operate her remote!
68: Yo mama so lazy, that she came in last place in a recent snail marathon.
72: Yo mama so fat, when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up
73: Yo mama so fat, her nickname is “Lardo”
74: Yo mama so fat, she eats Wheat Thicks.
75: Yo mama so fat, people jog around her for exercise
76: Yo mama so fat, she went to the movies and sat next to everyone
77: Yo mama so fat, she was floating in the ocean and spain claimed her for then new world
78: Yo mama so fat, she lay on the beach and people run around yelling Free Willy
79: Yo mama so fat, when she has wants someone to shake her hand, she has to give directions!
80: Yo mama so fat, she goes to a resturant, looks at the menu and says “okay!”
81: Yo mama so fat, when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said “Taxi!”
82: Yo mama so fat, she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
83: Yo mama so fat, when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
84: Yo mama so fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too
85: Yo mama so fat, the highway patrol made her wear “Caution! Wide Turn”
86: Yo mama so fat, when she steps on a scale, it read “one at a time, please”
87: Yo mama so fat, when she gets on the scale it says we don’t do livestock.
88: Yo mama so fat, she’s got her own area code!
89: Yo mama so fat, she looks like she’s smuggling a Volkswagon!
90: Yo mama so fat, NASA has to orbit a satellite around her!
91: Yo mama so fat, whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
92: Yo mama so fat, when she plays hopscotch, she goes New York, L.A., Chicago
93: Yo mama so fat, she wakes up in sections!
94: Yo mama so fat, when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER!
95: Yo mama so fat, she rolled over 4 quarters and it made a dollar!
96: Yo mama so fat, when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun!
97: Yo mama so fat, when she bunje jumps she goes straight to hell!
98: Yo mama so fat, when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!!!
99: Yo mama so fat, everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
100: Yo mama so fat, she fell and made the Grand Canyon!